So in this video we will talk about and know the line by line implementation and explanation of these
classes that is add product and search product.
So at product class will be used to add any product by the admin into that stock table.
So let's have a look in this code for that add product class.
So we have defined this class inside the package store and we have imported the necessary package like
point font which will be used.
To adjust and manage, set the font for that labels and text fields.
After that there is a single button which will help us to add any button to our frame.
Then there is a single label which will help us to add any label into our frame or window.
Then there's the Java export single menu, which will help us to add any menu or similarly for that
menu item.
Then there's a panel which will help us to add a panel to our window, then the scroll panel, which
will help us to add a scrolling whenever we needed any scroll.
Horizontally or vertically.
Then there is a text area which will help us to add text area to our.
A window.
Then there is a text field which will help us to add a text field to enter or take a record from the
user.
Then there is a combo box which will help us to add details or list of details in the combo box.
Then there is the action listener, which will be help us to perform an event over the buttons or menu
items.
Similarly, action event which will be the event or object which will help us to check from which button
or menu item the event has occurred.
Similarly for the colour will help us to set the colour for any label or text.
Then we have defined our class add product, which is extending panel inside which we have initialized
or defined our text field variable like ID field.
And then there's a text area variable like DSC field.
Then there is another text field.
Quan Quan Field named as Quan Field.
And there is another label error.
We have a combo box of a string type company and the three strings ID detail and comp.
Then there is A and Q and variable and the string error is stored as enter product ID and quantity.
Now we have defined the.
Non parameterized constructor of this class, setting the layout as null.
After that we have set the bound for the frame which rules location will be 100 from 100 and its size
will be eight 4619.
Then we have defined the label named as ad product and we have set the bound for that label as location
as 328, comma 45 and size as 115 cross 21.
Then we have set the font for that.
Label a font family, font type and font size.
After that, we have added that label to our frame.
Similarly, we have defined another label.
Named as product ID.
We have defined the font type family and size for that label, setting the bound for it whose location
will be 246 101 36 and its size will be 124 close 21.
Then we have added a label to our frame.
After that, we have defined the label as product details, setting the font for that product detail
label and bound for that.
Whose location will be 246 comma 168 and the size will be 139 cross 21 Then we have defined the ID field,
which is the text field and setting bound for it for 49, comma one, 37 and sizes 136 cross 20 added
that ID field to the frame and then set the column for that ID field.
After that, we have defined our another free text area variable and set the bound for it is location
449 comma 168 and its size will be 136 cross 58 added that to our frame.
After that there is a scroll panel we have defined over the text area so that we have defined the scroll
panel over the text area so that the text area can be scrolled.
We have set the bound for that scroll panel whose size will be 449 168 and.
That will be the location and sizes.
136 Class 58 added that a scroll panel to our frame as well.
Then we have defined the label company setting the font for that label font family is Tahoma plane type
is plane and it's size is 14.
Setting the bond for that label to 46 comma to 41 will be the location and size will be 124 plus 21,
adding that label to our frame.
After that, we have defined the button add product.
So as it is a button, it must handle an event.
So for that we have performed or define the action performed method.
So inside, which is if the text field of quantity is null or the text field of ID is null, then we
will show the error message.
And if none of them is null, then we will be fetching the ID.
With the help of get text method in our ID string quantity from the get text method from the can fill
the label and convert it into type, costing it into integer and storing it into our corn field.
Then there is we will store the details of the about the product and storing it our variable detail
field a string which is a string type of variable detail with the help of text method then storing the
well detail or value of the company with by using get selected item.
To the company a string variable.
Then we will call the DB to add product to DB.
So this is the method of our DB class, which we have discussed earlier or earlier, and which is taking
argument as ID detail, company and quantity.
So this will add the product to our database.
And then we have said the text field and text to null of all the fields.
After that, we have set the bond for that button.
The location will be 449 comer 334 and it size will be 136 class 23 and we have added the button to
our frame.
After that we have defined the text field for the corn field.
So and bound for that for 49 comma to 74 and sizes 136 cross 20.
Then we have added that also to our j frame.
After that we have defined the label quantity which is items available, setting the font for it bound
for it with location 246, comma 273 and sizes 124 cross 21.
After that we have added that label quantity to our frame.
Then there is a combo box for the company setting bond for it for 14 and comma to 43 will be the location
and 136 comma 20.
Will be its size.
So then we have added that also to our frame.
Then there is an error label, error label for setting foreground color as red and bound and error that
label to over frame.
Then we have added items inside our company box, combo box.
These items are general matter and drugs and noise and electrical.
So these will be the type of the products sorry, type of the companies as they are.
These are inside the company combo box.
So this is all about the add product free class.
Let's have a look at the search product class.
So search product class is also defined inside the package is stored will be used to search any product
imported the necessary package like import java font swing button label panel, scroll panel, text
area text field color excel is not in action even after that.
We have.
Defined our class, which is extending the panel.
Gitex feel.
I feel.
Then there is a button.
Button, such a private label error and the listing ID cross error is goes to enter product ID.
Then inside our non parameter constructor we have set the layout of the frame as null.
Bound of the famous location will be hundred column 100 and size will be eight 4619.
Then we have defined the label.
Renamed as such product, setting the bond for it and setting the font, family type and size for it,
adding that label to our frame.
After that, we have defined another label as product ID and the setting font for it, bound for it
and adding that product.
To our frame.
After that, we have defined the field, which is a text field setting up bound for it and adding that
to our frame.
After that, we have set the.
Maximum number of characters in that text field, which will be ten.
Then we have to find a button named as such as this is a button.
So this will also handle the events for handling when we have defined the public void action performed
which is taking argument action event which type of action event that is.
E So if either of the ID text field is null, we will show the error message.
If the default is not null, then we will call the isto.
First of all, we will store the ID field text of the field in our string variable ID.
Then we will be calling the search product method, which we have discussed in our discussion of the
Java file.
So that method will be called with the bypassing the argument ID as the argument for that product for
that product ID.
And this debate, what such product method will fetch the details of that particular product?
After that, we have defined the bound for that button and added that button to a frame.
At last we have defined the properties for the error label and added that label to our frame also.
So these are the two classes with respect to the products.
First Class will help us add product to add the product in our database.
And second, when such product will help us to search the product and its product ID and its number
of quantities.
So this is all about these two classes and that's all in this.